Add new "Pipelines" page to the sidebar of SCT's RTD documentation (#3668)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/pipelines.rst

Pipelines

> #########

Reviewer: "Analysis pipelines" might reduce the possible confusion for some users.  I'm not sure about "Applications of SCT", as it _sort of_ overlap with the citation list of examples of applications of SCT (except that these are repos with code, not papers, but in the mind of our users, that might be a bit confusing).

> #########

Reviewer 2: Good point, there is definitely some overlap with the studies page. :thinking: 

I like Analysis Pipelines the most out of the three. :)

> #########

Author: I changed the name accordingly

> SCT maintain the `sct-pipeline <https://github.com/sct-pipeline>`_ Github organization to references some useful pipelines compatible with the Spinal Cord Toolbox (SCT) that you could benefit from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SCT team maintains the `sct-pipeline <https://github.com/sct-pipeline>`_ Github organization to references some useful pipelines compatible with SCT that anyone could benefit from.
```

> SCT team maintains the `sct-pipeline <https://github.com/sct-pipeline>`_ Github organization to references some useful pipelines compatible with the Spinal Cord Toolbox (SCT) that anyone could benefit from.

Reviewer 2: (Note: I'm not sure if these are the best repositories to highlight here -- perhaps @jcohenadad could chime in about whether there are better `sct-pipeline` repositories worth mentioning.)

> SCT team maintains the `sct-pipeline <https://github.com/sct-pipeline>`_ Github organization to references some useful pipelines compatible with the Spinal Cord Toolbox (SCT) that anyone could benefit from.

Reviewer: @joshuacwnewton your suggestion is excellent, this is exactly the kind of context that was missing
